1). inaccuracy when drawing using pencil, on canvas 
about:- when i was trying to draw something on canvas using pencil , 
		it always had deviations like getting draw far from the point of click
		both horizontally and vartically.
observation:- when i removed the height: 100% and width 100% , it becomes accurate.
answer:-  setting height and width does not chang resolution causing the issue of 
			inaccuracy.
solution:- changed the canvas.style.width / height to canvas.width and height with window.innerWidth
			window.innerHeight removed the issue of inaccuracy, also removed the issue of pixilated draw.



2). when drawing square it was spawning as i drag  
about:- when i was trying to draw something on canvas using square , 
		it would run along the line , draws along the line.
observation:- was becuase i was drawing while dragging which was causing the issue
answer:-  started drawing after mouse event mouse up is triggered removed the issue.


3). Drawing Square?  
about:- how to draw a square using cordinates on a plane . 
observation:- i am using euclides formula with pythagores to get horizontal line to draw it.
issue:- i am getting a square but it is always away from the end of the mouse point.
update:- i stopped using euclides for square started using rectangle (x1,y1) - for cord,
		 for length = x2 - x1, breadth = y2 - y1, removing it did not change 



3). Drawing Circle?  
about:- how to draw a circle using cordinates on a plane . 
observation:- i am using euclides formula to get distance between two points and using it as radius.
issue:- i am getting a circle but it is always away from the end of the mouse point
update:- using square as place holder and drawing he circle inside it.


4). Working on undo ctrl + z?  
about:- undo Changes by ctrl +z , removed the rect using clearRect function. 
observation:-  issue is when i am ctrl +z it clears half of the rectangle and when i draw another rectangle it comes back.
issue:- it is not clearing the rectangle , clear not clearing all one issue was with inaccuracy of float removed by flooring the 
		floating point imprecision.
solution:- worked when i inceased the area and decreased the cordinates.


5). Working on undo ctrl + z?  
about:- undo Changes by ctrl +z , removed the rect using clearRect function . 
observation:- when i draw another rectangle it comes back.
solution:- worked, solution for this was using ctx.beiginPath() and ctx.closePath(), when we are not using ctx.beginPath()
			when ever stroke is called it redraws everything available in the memory stack meaning every drawing done without
			BEGIN PATH .
reference:- https://codetheory.in/why-clearrect-might-not-be-clearing-canvas-pixels/


6). Moving the drawing?  
about:- moving drawing on clicking the canvas or image. 
observation:- on click of mouse get the nearest drawing for moving.
solution:- creating priority que to get closest drawing using priority que from the cordinates.
			getting all the drawing from the history stack;

7).bug:- moving the drawing cretes new drawing?
about:- moving drawing from one place another creates new shape.
observation:- might be because i am not properly handling closing of one option.


8). Removing anything is possible now eraser is working
about:- remove in certain area
observation:- creating an area of 20 by default then adding moving and down event to mouse to achive moving erase.


9). Working on Inserting text to canvas.
about:- add text to canvas where ever i click the mouse , should remove using backspace and caps the char on capslock
issues:- a). text is adding but not properly process is when i type any char single char it should first clear the area
			then add the word and when typed continously it should continously add. TODO:removal is not working in this part.
		 b). removal not working using backspace.



10). Working on debugging tool for position checking.
about:- ctrl+window+alt starts debug shows the position of cordinates. 
issues:- a). text is adding but not properly process is when i type any char single char it should first clear the area
			then add the word and when typed continously it should continously add. TODO:removal is not working in this part.
		 b). removal not working using backspace.


11). Drawing Triangle?  
about:- how to draw a circle using cordinates on a plane . 
observation:- i am using getting the mid from the top of rect or square to get distance between two points and using it as to draw two lines to bottom two points.


12). changed undo now i am redrawing everything from the history stack removes the problem of overlap undos, before i was using just clearrect which caused many issues.

13). also added undo for pencil tool, by creating a trace array that stores cordinates for the drawing.. when ever i unclick the mouse it saves it to HISTORY_STACK,

14) re do is also done now can redo and undo too .
	bug: got a sudden bug when i pressed redo too many times it would add undefined in the stack causing issue simple solution was to add check in redo if empty or not.
	bug: i am only saving cordinates , causing issue with pen size or any property change of the draw.
	bugSolved by adding new property too .
15). Text , adding rendering to it , so we dont have to follow cleaning , and prevent distroying drawing near it
	1). i am using buffer.from() to create a string buffer to optimize the use of string.
	2). we are rendering everytime we add text watch out for performance issues. 
	3). in last when i click ( esc ) to complete the write we convert the buffer to an string.

16). issue , when using adding new things it is not working , meaning it is not showing until unless i add the points to the canvas like if i draw rectangle before hand.
	1). happens with opening file.
	2). also happening with line to tool.



